there are a couple of different ways that you can pay for graduate school.
Um, one is that you can somehow get money. Um, you can either get
loans, which you have to pay back, But generally there is a fairly
low interest rate. Um, and usually the the payback terms are, um,
pretty easy. Um, although you may end up paying quite a lot back Soto
really look into it about, you know, if you paid you know so much,
it's such an interest rate. How long would it take you to pay the loan
back? And then what would be the total amount that you paid versus
the actual amount of the loan? That's math worth doing. If you are
in in that situation, do that math. Um, you can also sometimes get
grants and grants are great because you don't have to pay him back
grants or just kind of like money free money on dso. I would work with
the financial aid officer at the school where your program is house
because oftentimes you know there may be grants that you're not even
aware of. Um, there are a lot of societies that offer grants that
are not really well publicized, so people don't know about him. So
definitely take a look at all the possible grants that you can get.
And if you could get a grant versus alone, Absolutely. Get a grant.
Um, the other thing that you can dio is you can work and you can make
money. Um, now, in general, when you're going to graduate school,
your primary job is being a student. And graduate schools are generally
set up as full time programs, which means you cannot do them part
time. Eso. The expectation is that you are a full time student, Um,
and you know, that's really serious. And in graduate school, you
know, it's a higher level of class work, and so you're going to be working
harder. It's going to be more difficulty. Just the material itself
is going to be more difficult thing what you experience in your
bachelor's degree. So having a job during graduate school can sometimes
be tricky. It's not impossible, Um, but it can be kind of difficult.
So, you know, these are things to consider as you're looking
at financing graduate school. Most of the people that I know who went
through graduate school did it with a combination of all three of
these things. So they had, you know, they got some grants, but they
also took out some loans and they might have had, you know, a job or
something like that.